add note about limitation of throughput in port mirroring cases (#101)
bisdn/bisdn.github.io: platform_configuration/port_mirroring.md

* `OFDPA_MIRROR_PORT_TYPE_EGRESS`: Only egress traffic is mirrored
* `OFDPA_MIRROR_PORT_TYPE_INGRESS_EGRESS`: Both ingress and egress traffic are mirrored

> Please note that when mirroring ports with different throughputs (e.g. a 10G

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that when mirroring ports with different maximum link speeds (e.g. a 10G
```

> port mirrored to a 1G port), the highest common throughput (1G for the before

Reviewer: ```suggestion
port mirrored to a 1G port), the highest common link speed (1G for the
```

> mentioned example) will be used for both ports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
aforementioned example) will be used for both ports.
```
